and today's magic word is fattoush now
before the food Nazis come galloping in
on their high horses I just like to
point out that this isn't a traditional
fattoush recipe eat better so for my
fattoush I've got three romaine lettuce
leaves that I've cooked down the middle
and then cut into 1-inch strips a chunky
cut half a cucumber a diced tomato three
pita breads a quarter of a cup of
chopped parsley a quarter of a cup of
chopped means these are both fresh half
a sliced red onion a teaspoon of sumac
and a quarter of a teaspoon each of
ground black pepper and ground allspice
and a couple of radishes sliced and
diced and for the dressings I've got the
juice of half a lemon a crushed clove of
garlic and half a teaspoon of salt 2
teaspoons of balsamic vinegar and one
and a half tablespoons of extra virgin
olive oil I'm gonna pop the red onion
into a bowl together with the spices and
they love them all together it's nice
the spices have covered the onions now
take your pita breads and cut them open
and then cook them into three-quarter
inch triangles
now we are lots of lovely Peter
triangles here are melting 2 tablespoons
of butter with 2 tablespoons of olive
oil well then what is melting it's gone
all foamy add in about half of the pita
bread triangles and now we'll fry these
until they're golden brown so after a
couple of minutes they'll be this lovely
golden color wing remove them with a
slotted spoon onto some kitchen paper to
drain they're not in the other half and
I'll take these out we'll make golden
brown - now we're nearly ready to
assemble the fattoush there's a couple
of other things we need to do but the
lemon juice garlic clove and salt into a
little Bowl and mix them together and
then put the olive oil and the balsamic
vinegar into a small bowl and mix those
together - now get yourself a nice big
putting your pita breads
yeah lettuce in fact all the ingredients
and add on your lemon juice garlic and
salt and the olive oil and balsamic
vinegar toss the whole let you know I
think we're ready to serve they don't
hang around serve this immediately so if
you like fattoush you'll love this
version never won the food Nazis
join me next time in titli's busy
kitchen with me titli nihaan until next
time hood happy